# Dropship-Agent-Business-Management-System
Workshop 1 C++ project with MySQL
Introduction- Dropship Agent Business Management System” is a system that will be used to manage and handle dropship agent product and sales. Currently there is a few managements system for dropship agent that exist to handle business but most of them is expensive and because of that they still stick using manual recording for their business. This may lead to some data inefficiency and data redundancy because of human error.
The main objective of this project is to ease dropship agent with recording their dropship items faster, more efficiently and furthermore will reduce human error. The other objective for this project is to generate automated weekly or monthly sales report. This will make easier for dropship agent to monitor their sales. Other than that, generate automated invoice to customer is the last objective. This will save the agent time and money from manually doing invoice book and pen. The programming language used in this project is solely on C++ paired with MySQL for data storing.
This project is divided into three main scope categories, that is the product, sales, and order module. Each category has its own objective for example for the product is where is adding, updating, and deleting product happens. The system from this project is targeted to dropship agent to ease their business. The main inspiration for this project is the online business management system such as “Solid Commerce” to manage their business. By having this system, it hoped to help dropship agents to manage their dropship business more efficiently and will help save their time and money.
